addresses some typos and rephrasing (#49)
theQRL/theqrl.org: _roadmap/09-tokenmigration.md

complete: false
---

> The conversion process from QRL's ERC20 token to it's native QRL network.

Reviewer: ❌its/it's infraction.  "...to its native..." is correct.
```suggestion
The conversion process from QRL's ERC20 token to native QRL network Quanta.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The conversion process from The QRL's ERC20 token to the native QRL network coin, Quanta.
```
@jplomas's suggestion is good... missing a 'the' and as the subject is the token conversion, pretty sure 'coin' was intended. Uncertain of capitalizing 'the' before QRL, but generally QRL should likely almost always be proceeded by "the". Open to discussion on that.
